worried the ice down there it's too thin
even if we lay out the ladder the way to
whoever goes down on it could cause the
ice to break and they could fall in oh
he's gotta get her out every minute
she's in that freezing water shortening
her life look no one's climbing out okay
put the tie a rope around my waist and I
look down there and bring her up that's
when you get some okay here the blankets
where's charity did you get her out
she's gone she went under be anywhere
under the ice please die please don't
let her die
can't believe she's dead now she'll
probably haunt me for the rest of my
life
Theresa you got to get back to the
skating pond my girls in a terrible
state why would happen in charity fell
through the ice now they're trying to
rescue her oh my god let's see if we can
help
they're under the ice Jerry she's still
alive
what's in their pockets come on hurry
getting axed we don't have much time
all right everyone stand back get off
the ice
we have to these areas can be unstable a
treacherous
hey you're a heroin you found charity
from the gallon
we weren't about charity what's going on
have they rescued her she's trapped
under the ice oh my god
Louis and Miguel are trying to get her
out but home fries are just stay back
well anyone else paw through his ice
who's that she's breathing she's turning
blue stand back
don't worry charity we'll get to our
promise